Promoting to production can be one of the easiest but scariest things we do in CI/CD.
Well, it's scary if we haven't done enough testing and confidence building.
But if you build your CI/CD pipeline to fail fast and build confidence along the way,
then promoting to production should become so commonplace that it gets taken for granted.
Take a look at my code here.
What was the difference between mine and yours?
Probably not a lot by now, I mean,
this job is not much different from the others that we've seen.
You probably starting to notice a common thread,
CI/CD jobs basically provide an environment and then wrap some statements.
Then it's the job of the other tools to actually do the hard work.
Here in my code, I'm showing a job that is
creating and deploying a frontend instead of a backend.
The process is still pretty similar.
I'm naming things using the circle workflow ID because it's just extremely convenient.
I've got two steps in this job.
One is going to use cloudformation to deploy an s3 bucket,
and the other is going to actually interface directly with s3 to
synchronize the files between local and my bucket.
The second job is going to actually promote the version to
production by running another cloudformation template
that is going to interact with cloudfront,
my CDN, and change its target from the old bucket to the new bucket.
Again, I'm using this circle workflow ID environment variable
to keep things referenceable and unique for this pipeline.